Day 1 Introduction to Tools
PART 1:
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/RRbctDSRc02gZxwXSj3Ilql2sNDRmfaRzehYIKbLYrsDe6-IAUd186SoVpX91ZrU.eTqkEOYHsCvkNcH7
Passcode: 9G?izER5

PART 2:
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/d2AiiWW6lYadgMiomo9RlFPtquvvDia4PIDNuLAiBLaHgzpdeId3kckZ2I67dgiC.SBwwnU8JOJS8V3UV
Passcode: 2$pnZGM+

Day 2 Variables and Data Types
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/6oKu1FO9xOX6Bevrr_8L5nLNe9K6crwTvmT23M5NPWGrZB0sLRh8RBk6Pvvj6j1l.axFfOvCy38LeSbNk
Passcode: +0pY?Yn1

Day 3 Logical branching
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/VTQ-YblIRgx7XglonDIRnLal-lSMarktMJtSqq0HEO723vNCHVrUe8Ian8G6OpT5.W57yw0nsGK6kb6Qj
Passcode: GG8FvzQ&

Day 4 Arrays and Loops
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/sx8UmsAgwbTRcRCsB7WMG18QeBe6QsikIj_7DddiTA-wQSSCEpEuQoI5jc1Evffj.uQ30eBCo9P8GiA_X
Passcode: F$jgn*1u

Day 5 Command Line Program
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/RKKQG2atlfGCr-rn--_lRYZXv-mYD5I-u-QwOnnPVSOeDPJtn62rxQWB73Pw48lL.6wniiUePYmZeegPS
Passcode: 01^MzM?y

Day 6 Intro to Objects
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/G59SXAT4aq7ZMpOx7TVdIeTgMOUEIGbCBwC4e0osIvxZr00gP7iDd7gLjpHExgiQ.xBkXD6tDaCbmlSy8
Passcode: l63Q$mL8

Day 7 Collections Pt. 1
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/XtcWw5s9aGu0jBbLRcp6c7bMpSCNA4bnY9lPZtmxTICZ0YpcRd8HYqSLRWns1zf1.4wtpRPTZosFgkDYJ
Passcode: g3uSk?.f

Day 8 Collections Pt. 2
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/geF8SGRBh68ikck-yMLGt8pTpH7_ShDL19TXpTTTLMYTxlv4SQwT7cQPFe3LzIu_.6AtE9UBCkUgya3P9
Passcode: #!t.81jZ

Day 9 Classes and Encapsulation
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/EdBgqtDZIIvwWUE-dxF-_fwaV5qLd1ukc0ZGCbZ3WzFam3KCzpO7WkTL9jkoej1Z.qDBx-9SWzwsEAqhd
Passcode: *%07JQ%g

Day 10 Inheritance
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/BzMDLRUyufdLeH43Kgn9xL2xrBDe-MI3X_BmvT84-kpphYcgQf0EI_WWMTAsF2p8.MWj_9p6ISUI-ou5P
Passcode: Ed54qq%$

Day 11 Polymorphism
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/66KZCWgl_ZzxMEK0c5gB1VEo3LBUlCK9OQHpoERdaOXjE6T75_dRmZegoxXHjqnL.CY6kaqMfPes5dGgu
Passcode: mc9QHA=*

Day 12 Managing Inheritance
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/iEyc4OAqIAvTROsnrUW8lbdgiTwUoE4jowNbZlkgVuzu7WjNeUOeNuw1BwLtGtG4.pVlk4uVcpsQOQL38
Passcode: 00LNVs@1

Day 13 Unit Testing
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/6d3SCqcjHz60o2v58Ux6hVuBMwhctkoRRJu4zCaNb8b-uIk0n92uT0rU14UIAHdr.EaBwIuQE2yr7T0_P
Passcode: w6*v74AV

Day 14 Review
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/xMkybXi37pfzeFlKq_ajbyHsYjErL4GvOvZvEE0Cuh7-7c_UoEJZ32mXgUO3T_dQ.BhY2ORarmz6lmFVJ
Passcode: 5!Pf3=50

Day 15 Exception handling & File I/O
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/FPTkcwnjCZerjSNXAYKz6t4tAnhuYk0MskZKwefCg5s6oTPLT1aOMKYEvYobku8V.7QTriKWKuKSm3xKX
Passcode: ?BDjg#2Z

Day 16 File Writing
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/Ad231nrET8I-wTpVlQBQXXrhrAjhZv7rLy0WPHu1URs6HzeR7wRYf5YMGvs9ybnO.hGsi31WiB1KDAabh
Passcode: pM4004P*

Day 17 Intro to Databases
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/OzL6VDee77wP645YZRKwCD_xSRkaAepbVAVK_nZ6jMlYJ6Cwjv83brVoW6ynhL0E.tosSQb2y8W_fnlCz
Passcode: uI@i7=8z

Day 18 Ordering Limiting and Grouping
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/GlWqINJj7XdS-XptJIQkPC3tKOUTEBNTxmHOBxU5TOUB5p6ZRUR8HGITySc88ZpE.CzJJ5Ba60WiNnUbm
Passcode: 0Gd&H8M&

Day 19 Insert, Update, and Delete
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/Ry5DF2LSV3XgN98_n1-A1A_nYQaStDGDyF0rkHV9rUDPRWmcp94JIk9sLTd1SjmQ.vFHsEkHvUqaD_X7n
Passcode: iCZ%Q8aR

Day 20 Review
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/gdq2ibHwdXFabKGE1BHktESEVR2jiGBVcp4J6Kb0dVE8_yZ8tyCRp4IR-3c5nXQ.LIu67MG-aTq09WDW
Passcode: XT5a.JXp

Day 21 Database Design
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/K6OSb6kuOhmbUVwub98oy2tghH8yddeLh9b5hUHlUghp4KtCpGr2gvlQoLCR4sO-.4ZWBJsI-sloCGhhT
Passcode: =.&3mbjN

Day 22 Data Access and DAO
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/NXiXwLTPT7y6cVaBxGgvvD0yTYWPSsLMByrZLyArYeZffXWM-iRUffVhgYppU-Qw.Ew57_xPXcucirgcE
Passcode: jGw9cc?5

Day 23 Data Security
https://www.ross-simons.com/c.-1970-vintage-18kt-yellow-gold-double-ram-head-bypass-bangle-bracelet-with-multicolored-enamel-966908.html?sku=JECX%20966908%20070%208Y&utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=Retargeting%20-%20Estate%20Jewelry%20-%207C1V&utm_content=Dynamic%20Retargeting%20Carousel%20-%20Affirm%2BFreeShip&utm_audience=Viewers%2FATC%2030%20Days&fbclid=IwAR3t-sDtmN5o1hWTOE5F950G-J7uMusBtcNGWLz9h5njSsCbkO89xHEtS60
6bw@LwsB

Day 24 DAO Testing
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/EpnhLIulXqJMrXNCjp4m3O8mDKSpDC1oQd1n6ED2rzMICcWPrzT2cngGRgxWY-5i.Cw72ZWPOYnA3JQ7G
Passcode: 19r%4Vah

Day 25 Review
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/OLJFXrgCllBLiI6M4pvO6j-bNECkFzkn9TRMGArPn4knk632FCJfSULFNXbqrbpQ.iBwGbPfjHLH3pDba
Passcode: M+7fkPzY

Day 26 Networking and HTTP & Consuming RESTful APIs (Part 1)
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/8bT0niTMnD1nt5FR7kziuqlcIUtc8qZ0Pbo4qo1LrRoHRtKfdEQvHyUyv9jz-mHk.cYdf-Y9Jj3e6vzR4
Passcode: XU*n+E4u

Day 27 Consuming APIs (Part 2)
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/_mitKaCZB6I1zB1tgztdd2UT_aszPD07luh6wqUBP5d07XMwaleLfyWxBioHUwvQ.s6QirnQxccIGQrhZ
Passcode: AX3j.611

Day 28 Server Side APIs (Part 1)
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/Qqdadz9aDbwxT7PVuquJYN8Wr7f8oAaz6rxQv1trZxseqFtAStnqfVxKJ6dzgcrv.m0WUYk3l8LM8apq3
Passcode: 3g$1pahQ

Day 29 Review
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/Xhgm4szeC1YTzBRv6mkdMw3z7jA7iPXcKm8IPTqiAJhSQy08Tkq4clWlEA20-cYy.PkJKBf67IqWTIS-g
Passcode: QL.Eh^68

Day 30 Securing APIs
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/2jQuk19hamJJBzNtSBU50PEzfoV8q1HUHCFBR9G5JrbJYxp1TOEKPkPvPZrCcro_.GVDW0bG_MCk-zwlW
Passcode: Ah32rwt!

Day 31 Review
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/WG7KD36TAEtQZPGEXkt010iT34R5vNXZtaiHjQuSNpUDvcJTUwodMyCTjX3TRtQy.44crGQyg07OA1Ksc
Passcode: $1Zw6z42

Day 32 Intro to HTML and CSS
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/S2iTdFcoRFQHPACQAm4aJ72u-F2JH4Jy5vbDzHC1edsllmG3JFMIAy0_U7E0spnV.eRi6TJdv4EON0GmH
Passcode: 9$BMUzSx

Day 33 CSS Selectors
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/oeOr4bgDtq5KYDcDKWTH4ushQk5JE3HW74yyHqnlaiWE-fvryfDABARMgRJ0wbA._dPWr_73d36TMqy6

Day 34 CSS Grid
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jAI9jZTmK6lVgKLI1-nR4qCf7WrSSExZ/view?usp=sharing

Day 35 Flexbox
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/4MLl7ckJhCbiuGX_yvcRovc0mO36j6X6SxO9SnZcylGLiT6MjYgXgYZ8kE5q_OH2.kg8U6W-fJkZWljO_
Passcode: 7=Affpz!

Day 36 Intro to Javascript
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/88gJbHBBQQrPmjMuVpVUQo1SMZWGDpYZ7ah7GyJOlj5ThL4SA9RrGF5z5UxpdEKA.B_-nPVBGw-EDk96s
Passcode: Dj#i=Cw7

Day 37 Javascript Functions
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/2nDXKyBZ_6xr8j79vZgY0BCfUACxCPF8BJZxn_JXr6zMqGSPfShL8JZ9x8GVo7d_.b-tCwbc35VDe-soS
Passcode: Cd6E+g.B

Day 38 DOM
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/A_NepQS3_FZNJ9TWavl7Y4oEOJRBwxjzLIj2bNL5brh12mh0MHALS-zXjLF7HYPV.Icaqv3po5K5EHLeF
Passcode: JCQ&$xP5

Day 39 Event Handling
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/HfyEQkqUxFjXk4uVKp_fd7g8luvJhWrhhgtejXXDD6UAFbjWPMzOqTxgdtNp-yMj.76n1R17M2Lp_yCzG
Passcode: !z9#qSiV

Day 40 Intro to Vue
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/iTcS6HFhkTMPYy6XccRiIGY6z1pRAdKNmDvqeCRPoNJkMysW40vyZ_07VXE7stmE._QjNkBMr33dw_qoN
Passcode: EU81%o2G

Day 41 Vue Event Handling
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/lPv-EK8uEVDCKvX9eo2yycg_0DnVvPMmz4GuuhquklqRvqveYCK8xO5ZuHZbNuB7.ZU7p3cPE4S9mQyeB
Passcode: +.cp%5mj

Day 42 Vue Component Communication
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/uvMjCwWeBcrRg8WofHwkc0JFsCaX8mcv01JBoHetm1d_AUPmU55XlLraKeyf9WvE.XToRr5Zb4dyT--k-
Passcode: !0S5@UBy

Day 43 Web Services GET
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/8ULNjKdIaourfyiGZOhdsp7_4eG8-rJ3vekcnxvNpgXhBh9iIf8d-nS2-DSBObvE.jeDCD-MLNFJVdImw
Passcode: 89HU$1k?